THIS IS NOT WORKING SINCE WE DON'T HAVE A FIX CONNECTION TO IB

******************
Need to request FIX access from IB (ci@interactivebrokers.com???)
******************
Please let us know how you plan to connect to IB in production for FIX order
routing (internet, extranet, dedicated line)

Internet sessions require the FIX gateway client to be used.  For details,
see the following links:

 

http://www.interactivebrokers.com/download/newMark/PDFs/gateway.pdf

http://www.interactivebrokers.com/en/control/systemstandalone-ibGateway.php?
os=win
<http://www.interactivebrokers.com/en/control/systemstandalone-ibGateway.php
?os=win&ib_entity=llc> &ib_entity=llc (IB Gateway is bundled with TWS)

 

Please answer the following questions so that I can begin the process of
creating your FIX session in QA that we will use to test.

 

-       What kind of FIX engine will you use to connect to IB.and open
source product such as QuickFix, or a proprietary engine 

-       Who do you use for software development? Is it done in-house, bought
off-shelf, or done through a third party developer/consultant, etc.  If
third party developer, please confirm who this individual/firm is

-       How do you run the software? Is it run in-house, or by vendor, or
application service provider (ASP)? If vendor/asp, please confirm name/firm

-       What kinds of instruments will you be trading over the FIX session
(we support stocks, options, futures, ForEx, spreads)

-       Which order types will you be sending (examples: MKT, LMT, STP, STP
LMT, iceberg, hidden, MOC, LOC)

-       Will you be sending in any time in force other than DAY orders (GTC,
GTD, IOC etc.)

-       Will you be sending tag 141=Y to reset sequence #'s each time you
log into the session on a new trading day?  If not, we can agree to a
hard-rest each night (slightly more dangerous)

Below is a review of connectivity options to IB.  IB does not charge clients
for network connectivity (aside from the commission minimums referenced
below).  We typically do not recommend one connectivity option over another,
as each client has different needs in terms of latency, security etc.

 

Please review the following link from the IB website that reviews minimum
commissions for clients who wish to connect to us this way (note that as
long as minimum commissions are met, IB does not charge clients for upgraded
network connections):
http://www.interactivebrokers.com/en/accounts/fees/minimumDeposits.php
(click on "connection minimums")

 

Connection types:

 

-       Leased line/Dedicated line: dedicated network line from client site
to IB.  You would need to contact local telco company to get pricing and
place order.  IB network team would assist telco firm with install.  The
demarc location for circuits to be ordered connecting to the US is: 2
Pickwick Plaza, Greenwich, CT, 2nd floor.  European connectivity: Timber
Hill (Europe) AG, Gotthardstrasse 3, First floor CH-6301 Zug, Switzerland.
Hong Kong connectivity: Suite 1506, Two Pacific Place, Admiralty, Hong Kong

-       Extranet: network firms such as Radianz or TNS who use webs of T1s
to manage a connection from client site to IB.  IB network team would work
with extranet firm with install.  You would sign a  contract with the firm
you choose.  

-       VPN: IB supports hardware VPNs from client site to IB.  Network
engineer on your side would work with IB network group to share keys,
configure routers.  Must be approved by IB management.  VPN connections are
for FIX/CTCI clients only.  We do not support VPN connectivity for TWS
users.

-       IB Gateway client: application that you install on machine that
houses FIX engine (or another machine on your network), connects to IB via
tunnel created over the internet, data is encrypted.  You would need to
connect your FIX engine to a port that the IB Gateway client is listening
on, and the connection is passed through the tunnel created by the gateway
to IB.  So, from your perspective, it would look like you are connecting to
a local machine and port.and the gateway would do the rest.  The IB Gateway
client does not have an auto login feature.  It needs to be manually logged
into each day with a username and password.  Here is a link containing
information on the IB Gateway client:
http://www.interactivebrokers.com/download/newMark/PDFs/gateway.pdf

 

To obtain quotes and place orders for a dedicated line or extranet, you
would need to contact your local telco provider such as Verizon, AT&T etc.
or extranet (Radianz, TNS etc). Once ordered, our network engineers would
work with the telco firm to make sure the line is built to the correct
place.
